hey guys what's going on George here and
today I have a quick tip for everybody
who wants to improve their option or for
those who have this setting on but don't
know how to turn it off and stuff like
that
so the setting that I'm talking about is
CL underscore baba mount lat and vert
lat
is lateral invert is vertical so when
you have those two on pretty much your
character bobs to the side and
vertically a lot when you move so right
now I have it set to zero or I think
it's zero point one is the lowest but
that's like barely noticeable so when
you like shift around corners your scope
doesn't move all over the place and when
you're moving like there's still the
blur but it's a lot easier to just stop
and it's already at the center whereas
if you have the settings on CEO
underscore baba mount lat
2 is the maximum it moves a lot to the
sides and then you have to wait until it
resets at the center and you don't
really have a sense of where the center
is when you have this setting on because
it's just crazy movement to the sides
and like oh where's the center and then
wait until it resets and then you can
actually shoot so then the vertical is
the opposite pretty much so dirt - this
is just crazy vertical movement which is
even worse because you're like oh how
where am i aiming up and down and then
this looks really funny because it
kicked is just like bouncing up and down
pretty much but yeah
aiming at things is definitely a lot
harder because you have to have a sense
of like this oh wow
you have to have a sense of like the
center of your screen otherwise you
really can't aim with all this movement
so then back to the normal or zero it's
a lot better as you can see you guys can
have it on certain areas and then when
someone pops up you're just like BAM and
they're dead hopefully unless you can't
aim which then I can't really help but
should watch my other video which shows
you guys how to practice and improve
your aim and that pretty much wraps it
up I mean all the other settings don't
really change it much I was
experimenting before this video and I
was experimenting with like CL
underscore Bob lower amount that doesn't
change anything
CL view model shifting left and right
that doesn't change anything it's just
the bobbing vertical and lateral that
changed your scope so yeah that wraps up
this video hope you guys like I can't
aim hope you guys like these uh or this
quick tip hopefully I'll put out more
quick tips later on and yeah have a nice
day